---
title: Version 2.4.0
authors:
  - name: SleakOps Team
tags:
  - release
sidebar_position: 6
---

`minor release` · 01/08/2026

---

## 🚀 New Features

- **Workload Auto-Diagnostics**  
With the help of AI, you can now quickly and easily discover what's happening with your Workloads. With just one click from the console, you'll get a complete diagnosis.
- **Grace Period for Workloads**  
Support for configuring grace period in Workloads.
- **Cost Tags Notifications**  
Added notifications for configuring cost tags.
- **Cascade Deletion**  
Improvements in cascade deletion flow with active Dependencies.
- **File-based Variable Groups**  
Improvements in the Variable Groups form for file types.
- **Project Selector**  
Improvements in forms with Project selector.
- **Activity Logs Navigation**  
Added links to navigate between Activity Logs and resources.
- **Sidebar**  
Visual improvements to the sidebar.
- **Billing Screen**  
Improvements to the billing screen.
- **Domain Editing**  
Ability to modify domains in existing Environments.
- **Variable Names**  
Handling of variable name length in Variable Groups.
- **Environment Names**  
Adjustments to default Environment names.
- **Dependency Monitoring**  
Improvements in Dependency monitoring.
- **Small Resolutions**  
UI improvements for low resolutions or small screens.
- **Modified Variables**  
Improvements in the Variable Groups form to mark which variables were modified.
- **Target Port in Web Services**  
Support for configuring targetPort for services in Web Services.

---

## 🐛 Bug Fixes

- **Environment Names**  
Handling of Environment name length.
- **Persistent Filters**  
Project and Environment filters now persist between screens.
- **Project Icons**  
Improved icons for Projects.
- **Addons with Custom Attributes**  
Fixed editing of addons with custom attributes.
- **RDS Replicas**  
Validation of RDS replica length.
- **Web Services URL**  
Fixed URL auto-generation when editing a Web Service.
- **Project Selector**  
Fixed visibility of the Project selector.
- **Nodepool Forms**  
Fixed errors in Nodepool editing and creation forms.
- **State Transition**  
Fixed transition from pending to completed state.
- **SSL Certificate**  
Fixed alerts for SSL certificate validation.
- **Cloning with Versions**  
Fixed cloning with Dependency versions.
- **Notification Emails**  
Fixed visual errors in notification emails.
- **Cloning URL**  
Fixed Web Services URL in cloning flow.
- **Delete Project with RDS**  
Fixed deletion of a Project with an RDS that has deletion protection enabled.

---
